docs: Tidy up docs; closes #5 (#6)
cerbos/getting-started-crud: README.md

[Resource policies](https://docs.cerbos.dev/cerbos/latest/resource_policies.html) define rules for actions that can be performed on a given resource.

> [`basicResource.yaml`](./basicResource.yaml) defines a resource policy, made up of `basicResource` objects, with _create_, _read_, _update_ and _delete_ actions. This policy expects a principal to have either the `ADMIN` or `USER` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`basicResource.yaml`](./basicResource.yaml) defines a resource policy for the resources of the kind `basicResource`, with _create_, _read_, _update_ and _delete_ actions. This policy expects a principal to have either the `ADMIN` or `USER` role.
```
